Some seek to own the world. Most others seek smaller things. Cities, villages, farms, or homes
await ownership. But what does it mean to own any of these things?
 
Perfect ownership is characterized by two properties:
1. One exercises autonomy over that which is owned.
2. One prevents others from doing the same.

A king claims, by royal decree, that he owns a forest. The authorities know to apprehend anyone
found trespassing. However, since the land is vast and uninhabited, the royal guard seldom if
ever steps foot in the forest. 

Peasants, ignoring the royal decree in favor of their own interests, move in. They cut
a clearing and build a small village there. Whilst they know they are hidden from the king
and his soldiers, they likewise know they could not hope to defend themselves if discovered.

Who owns this land? A Roman soldier would undoubtedly claim the authority of the king takes precedence. A Han farmer would hold fast to the principle that the 
land belongs to those which better it. I hope to impress upon you that both of these answers are prescriptive, an attempt to tell the world how it should behave. 
Regardless of the moral truth of this issue, the world will only abide by its own rules. A scholar of Carthage will describe the precariousness of this
situation in terms of its reasoned consequences.

Carthage is now without its moral sensibilities, but it proudly displays only two principles: stability and growth. 

Stability consists of the intersection of altruism and self-interest. It is the regard for the system as a whole. Small entities in large systems
can act in a parasitic fashion with a significant chance of never feeling the consequences in their life cycles. Like the peasants, they must live in constant fear of
discovery and ensuing destruction. Risk over time approaches the certainty of negative outcomes. It's for this reason that a long-lived entity reduces the chance
of negative outcomes as well as minimizes the magnitude of these outcomes as well. By succeeding in these aims, an entity extends its life past the dismal scale
of a leach. 

A desire for growth is born from the understanding that big fish eat smaller ones. The king should not be competing with his subjects, as that fight leans clearly
in his favor. Instead, he should be leveraging them as an asset in competition with other kings of other lands. By leaving his forests completely unused he not only
leaves it vulnerable to exploitation by others, but he robs himself of any benefit from it and potentially feeds his enemy. If those villagers fear the wrath of 
their king, they may simple reach out to another king for protection. For a generous tribute, that other king may send soldiers to annex the land and prevent a
clean takeover of the village. If the king had sought to improve his forest with trails, to send hunting parties, and to clear spaces for forestry camps, he would
have discovered the village, quickly brought it to heel, and then expanded the aformentioned industries using it as a base of operations. The rival kingdoms would
thus be comparatively weaker by exactly however many resources were gained. 
