This is a condensed form of the core concepts of this universe.


    Timeline
Earth's technology advances far into the future, eventually leading to robotic
sentience that prove to survive long after humanity. Eventually a technological
singularity forms and the world as it was once known ceases to exist.

The overworld is one of many realms, dimensions mirroring Earth's locality. 
In each realm the mysterious substance of mana interacts with physics in different
ways. In the overworld, however, mana is innert until acted upon by a magic user.
The overworld is functionally identical to ancient Earth geographically, though life
in the overworld evolved in the presence of outsiders such as flame elementals
and beings from the spirit realm.

At the height of the Roman Empire visitors from the divine realm came and 
changed everything. The divines brought gifts of magic, knowledge, and 
transformation, though their jealousy, greed, and wrath brought wars that 
turned the western portion of continental Europe into wastelands.

Some of the divines decided it was too dangerous to interfere with the overworld
directly, and so left and took with them as many fellow divines as they could.
Some minor divines remained hidden in the overworld, either tucked away in lairs
or living disguised as mere mortals. 

    Politics
The overworld is peppered in city states, kingdoms, and otherwise independent 
villages that merely pay tribute to the regional powers at be. These regional 
powers play at the global scale, stretching far due to magical, technological,
or military superiority over their subordinate political entities. Such powers
include the Roman, Han, Incan, and Aztec empires as well as the late Europan 
Federation, Iroquious, Carthage and the United Mahajanapadas.

    Magic
Magic exists as a side-effect of mana interacting with physics. Most magic is 
arcane, which is to say it is performed by a mortal soul channeling mana latent
in the air. Some magic is natural(not reuqiring a soul), usually the result of 
life evolving in the presence of a specific form of volatile mana. Creatures
such as dragons and the fae fall into this category. Lastly, there is divine
magic used by the life forms from the divine realm. This magic is distinct due
to the magnitude of raw power, efficiency, and precision the divines exercise
in producing magic. Divine magic transcends the boundaries of lesser souls and
allows fantastical feats such as the transformation or creation of living beings,
mass-scale conversion between mana, energy, and mass, and the creation of small
personal realms held into existance by said magic.

    Technology
Whilst most of the world has yet to fully embrace the bronze age, many of the
global powers make use of technology reliant upon only a handful of laboritories
to manufacture and maintain them. Europa, before its demise, was the world's 
technological juggernaught. Though along with its destruction of its labs and 
scientists, many of their advanced tools and weapons remained intact. This lost
tech can be used, but not reproduced or repaired in any serious way.
