This file provides a list of life forms one could expect to encounter in the
hifi universe.

Humanoids

  Human
Jack of all trades standard intelligent life.

  Gnome
Tiny form of human created to function in an industrial setting. 

  BeastMan
Mixture of beast and man created to answer the indigenous people's
desire to get closer to nature.

  Divine
Creatures of the divine realm. Often shapeshifters and endowed
with godly magical powers. Can be killed, but not by old age
or arrows.

  Spirit
A being made completely of mana. When they have a living host
to feed off of, they are souls and confer magical abilities.

  Alpha Demon
Created as skilled soldiers of both mundane and arcane sources,
arch demons are obsessed with warfare.

  Beta Demon
The so called 'demon scribes', beta demons were created to govern the
alpha demons. They are tiny compare to their stronger brethren, but
far more endowed with magical aptitude. In particular, the beta demons
create contracts bound magically using souls.

  Goblin
Goblins were created as cheap fodder, and they excell at that task.
They breed frequently and make up for their lack of quality with
quantity. Due to their limited intelligence, they are easily tricked
by whomever they are not actively attacking at the moment.

  Orc
The orcs were created as heavy infantry to support the goblins.
They gain strength and intelligence, they are incapable of magic.

  Ghoul
A human taken by the ghoul fever, ghouls share a telepathic
link with one another to form a hive mind. Powerful mages 
can direct a ghoul horde through telepathic suggestions. Ghouls 
close enough to a portal to the blood realm will act as pawns for
the blood god. 

  Stone Elemental
Soul stone-based life forms that can use mana for their metabolic
functions. They originate from the stone realm, which imploded
long before humans arose on the overworld. Stone elements are 
spirits subsisting off of their soul-stone vessels. Aside from
completely pulverizing a stone elemental's body into gravel or
attacking their soul directly, there is no way to kill one of
these creatures if confronted. Stone elementals often use nearby
plants, mosses, and lichens as sources of mana.

  Fire Elemental
Energy-based life forms that convert heat to mana. Fire elementals
came to the overworld long before life emerged there, and were
separated from their fire realm not long after. The only way
to kill a fire elemental is to either cut them off from their
source of energy(often fire), or directly scatter their soul.

  Fae
Originating from the ice realm when it was the forest realm, 
the fae have evolved to be sustained entirely by of mana. As
autotrophs, the fae flock to mana-rich environments and protect
the plants and animals living there. They are often captured
for their magical properties by non-mages, as they are widely
known to offer powerful healing magic. In addition to directly
fighting forresters, the Fae can command the wildlife they live
with to fight on their behalf.

Intelligent non-humanoids

  Flesh Elemental
A heap of infected biomass created by a ghoul horde, flesh
elementals serve as leadership and food storage. Nectar produced
by flesh elementals halts the deterioration caused by ghoul fever,
and can cure infected beings that have not turned to ghouls. A
successful flesh elemental will divide in half to form two
elementals each controlling half the original horde of ghouls.
The blood god is a flesh elemental existing on a planetary scale, and
is thus capable of intense magic.

  Dragon
Large winged reptiles from the ice realm, dragons boast intelligence
alongside a compulsion to hoard valuables. In addition to flight,
they have the natural ability to breathe fire using inherent magic.
A dragon's blood, scales, and bones are incredibly potent alchemical
ingredients as a result of their biological use of mana.
