  Beginning
Carthage grew off the back of the silver and bronze trade. Though
their population was quaint, their command over commodities made
them a major player economically and politically.

  A divine trade
The introduction of divines piqued the interest of Carthage not so
much in the prospect of reliance upon divine favors, but rather
in capturing the power of the divines to use personally. Realizing
the awesome might of divine warfare and magic, the king of 
Carthage made short work of realizing their limitations.

As it was, the divines could not operate without a vast source of
mana. The difficult and unreliable nature of competing with other
divines to secure dedicated worshippers framed Carthage's entry into
the mana trade.

  Profit
Carthage's royalty diverted their riches into the procurement and
study of magical resources and resources from other realms.
Steady investment in arising technologies gave rise to the mana
cell, the industrial-scale spell crystal, soul circutry, and the 
large range of inventions composed of these three elements. To begin
their mana trade, carthage distributed arcane jewelry that harvested
and stored the mana from its wearer. The wearer would wear a 
necklace, bracelet, or hair piece until the indicator light on it
changed from red to green, at which point they would exchange their
jewelry for a new piece in a Carthage store along with a small 
stipend. Naturally the trend of supplementing one's income by 
wearing fancy jewelry caught on and created a steady source of mana
with which Carthage could leverage contracts with the divines.
With the addition of wireless mana transfer, carthage almost entirely
cut their transit expenses. A network of relay stations carried 
a powerful current of mana flowing directly to storage facilities.

Drastic measures were employed to preserve the proprietary secrets
of these technologies, resulting in Carthage's ivory tower. This
structure was built with a mana cell stashed in each of its millions
of bricks. Wired to a central power core, this tower was used as both
the central storage point as well as a headquarters for Carthage's
wealth elite. The structure, itself, was too weak to maintain its
roughly 3 miles of height. Lacking material science to create such
a structure, Carthage scientists incorporated spell crystals 
continuously casting a force partially canceling out gravity. The 
same crystals maintained an airtight seal between the bricks past the
altitude at which air thins. Rather than construct storage facilities
that could be secured by a military incursion, carthage built a
series of portals at the very top of the structure. Some portals
connected to stable realms, whilst others connected to pocket-realms
maintained by arcane machinery and a constant source of mana. 
