The Beginning
The divines came to the mainland of Europa to fight one another.
The Gnomes, Goblins, and Demons were created by divine transformation
of the native Europans for the purpose of creating races of soldiers.
The remaining humans, caught in the crossfire of divine warfare,
turned to the nearest sympathetic divines. Small warring cities 
formed, each charging tribute from their disorganized neighbors.

A Dream Of Enlightenment
From the dream realm came the dreamers, and with them ideas of worlds
entirely unknown. The humans secretly hid these dreamers in exchange
for their research. Left to their own devices and a modest budget,
the dreamers synthesized advancements gathered from their dreaming
into coherent models. A band of human scientists began work turning
these models into machines. The resulting arcane technology brought
humans from miles around. Concentrated mana milled grain, plowed 
fields, levitated bricks into place, and provided fire on demand.
The crown jewel of Europa's advancement came with the combination
of a nuclear reactor with spell crystals that converted heat to
mana. With a seemingly unending power source, the humans no longer
needed divines to hide behind.

Arcane Apex
The other divines learned of this new technology and sought to 
take it for themselves. This resulted in the human capital 
receiving attacks from their neighbors. Robbed of periphery 
farmland, Europa turned to Carthage for food, supplies, and 
the raw materials needed to fuel the constant war they fought
with growing waves of inhuman attackers. Though Europa refused
to sell their technology itself, they allowed Carthage to commission
sky fortresses, autocasters, and other arcane devices. 

Divine Annihilation
Europa continued to develop their military might, eventually
developing a weapon to kill a divine and end the war. Initial tests
were promising, thus leading to the development of an arsennal of
such weapons. Europa conducted a final test for this weapon. Only 
fifty years since they had sworn allegience to their divine protector
, Europa detonated a god-buster atop the alter of their host-god.
The warring gods caught wind of this, united, and launched a single
assault to end Europa once and for all and seize their
immortality-robbing weapons. The divines lead the charge and broke
through perimeter defenses. Their inhuman armies followed suit in
seemingly un-ending waves. When the divines started tearing apart
government buildings in search of the weapons, Europa's government
decided they had lost the war. In their last moments, Europa fired
their entire arsennal on the positions of the invading divines. 
The only scientists who knew to operate or create such
weapons were ultimately destroyed by them.  

Aftermath
When the ashes settled over Europa there were only godless beasts
and displaced soldiers and factory workers left to fend for
themselves. Carthage offered basic provisions in exchange for
technological goods. Once the human safe-zones were picked clean, 
carthage withdrew from the region and sat atop the new-found 
value of their arcane technology. Though migrant gauls, roman
traders, and survivors from before the war inhabited the land, 
it became a monument to the double-edged sword of technological
progress.
