Beginning
The Roman Empire was born of the creeping of political borders
brought about by pre-emptive attacks to neighboring political 
entities. The outstretching of Roman territory spread the standing
armies thin, forcing the land to rely on walls for immediate 
protection from invasion. The empoverished masses of the Roman
urban centers, wavering loyalty of the Roman military, and the
political corruption all pushed Rome to its tipping point.

Divine Intervention
When the divines came to visit Rome, they were greeted with military
resistance. The divines, admiring the loyalty of the soldiers they
fought, offered forgiveness to the Roman armies, under the provision
of unconditional servitude. This offer was well received partly due
to the ease with which the divines resisted the spears and arrows
they were dealt, but also due to the demonstration of the nature
divine's power to restore a withering field of olives. With divine
backing, Rome's own military turned on its government and established
direct divine rule. 

Holy Roman Empire
The God Emperor of Rome and his aristocracy of lesser dieties became
responsible for fixing the problems that plagued the newly-conquered
land. Many of the crops, failing from prolonged intensive farming, 
were restored to a lush, productive state by visits from the
aristocracy. Having fed the starving masses, works programs were
created to clear the unemployed from the streets. The roads, walls,
and temples were extended by this labor, modified to display loyalty
to the new administration of prosperity. Criminals, captured enemy
soldiers, and political dissidents had their bodies consumed and 
their souls bound to objects. The divines pruned those they deemed 
unfit for their purposes and rewarded their loyal followers for their
good deeds with enchanted equipment. Every court hearing, battle,
and inquisition became a chance to join the ranks of the Romans 
endowed with arcane power. 

Divine Exodus
The caretakers tooth and nail to remove the divines from Rome, and in
doing so cut the source of Rome's bumper crops and political unity.
As crop yields reduced and the reward of divine augmentation vanished,
the punishments for dissent became the only means of control. 
Households with artifacts of the Holy Roman Empire became the voice
of the political process, the remaining population seen as unworthy
of steering the nation. Military excursions took place not just for
land, but now for the purpose of gathering food and supplies for
the homeland.
