In the beginning there was silence.
There was but one set of eyes in the world
and they glanced upon a vast emptyness.
Such was the loneliness of the void that
came before the worlds.

The owner of these eyes was not bound by
this darkness. He could see through the
void to the shape of all things that
were to be. He did not dispair at the empty
space he inhabited, for he posessed another
power far greater than sight.

His was the only voice, and so the deep,
dark nothing was forced to listen and heed
it. He drew a deep breath of the void
before weaving the very first word of the
worlds.

"Light."

From the dark came the glittering stars that
cast their light and the many worlds to catch
and reflect it.

"Motion."

And the worlds stirred with wind, and wave, 
and the shaking of great stones collapsing
to the ground. 

The creator turned his ear to the worlds
and heard the wind. He was pleased by its
sound, but he knew it was only the whispering
of dead things.

"Life."

The great oceans that covered the world grew
into a fertile bubbling soup that gave birth
to many swimming things. Soon crawling things
crawled from the soup. Many shook themselves
dry to fly in the air whilst others remained
wallowing in the mud. Some hissed, others made
songs, and yet there was only one voice that
could speak.

"Speech."

The things that still crawled began to walk
and chatter to one another. Though they did
not yet know words to speak, they spoke to
one another and understood.

He who had commanded from the void all the
things now turned his eyes into his
upright-standing creatures across the worlds.
They were different everywhere he looked, but 
they were all precious to him.

"Soul."

This was not like his earlier words commanding
creation from the void. His earlier words shaped
the void, but it could not change the void's nature.
Such would be a potter trying to mold a clay ball 
into a pot full of grain. He who created the worlds
filled the empty vessel of the void with himself
as he spoke. When he finished, the world was full
and he was empty. He who had shaped the void into
the worlds we know returned to the void.

"Who are we?" The many things that walked, crawled, 
and flew across the worlds spoke this first question
from their souls. They knew questions, and soon enough 
answers. What they did not know was that their first
answers carried the last of the power the creator gave
them.

Man was the first to answer, proud of his speech, "We are the crafters of questions." 
He said. And so as man sought questions, he wielded the answers to shape the world
as the creator once had.

The creatures of the underworld spoke next. "We are the grain that needs no vessel."
And upon saying this, they became the naked souls that wander the planes. Ashamed of
their first words, they wandered the overworld in search of surrogate bodies to reside
in. 

"We are the vessels that need no grain." Said the stone people.
And the stone people, unburdened by souls, fell into the deep sleep
of the mountains.

"We are the children of the stars." Spoke the flame people.
They danced as they became flickers of light bound only by 
the need for the very brightness that they had become.

"We are the soup from which all life emerges." Spoke the blood people.
And so the blood people melted into an ocean of soup that became the blood god.

"We are the listeners that can still hear the creator's voice." Said the fae.
And so the part of the creator that went to them whispered into their ears and told
them the secret ways of the world.

"We are the seers of sights beyond sight. " Said the dreamers.
And so the many visions of the creator were broken into pieces
and given to the dreamers.

"We are the shapers of the void." Said the divines.
And when they spoke, they commanded the rest of the creator's power
before any other things could lay claim to it.

Thus the first worlds and the first peoples were born.
