  Peace is a word most often shouted in town squares, embedded in catchy slogans
ignorant of a fundamental truth. This truth, although seemingly forgotten by
today's youths, is the very foundation upon which Europa has been established.
This most potent truth of which I speak, is that we Europans are conquerers.

  It is this very truth that the divines wish to obscure by drafting up peace
treaties for us to sign. A hundred years ago they did not write treaties for us.
They did not raise from the Earth armies of monsters to fight us, either. They
were, in the beginning, ignorant of this truth. But we knew ourselves better 
then.

  We once lived in fields where we fought against hunger, and disease, and 
beasts. We lived with these enemies for a time, birthing large famlies to
offset the children we knew would be lost. Even then, only clutching stones
and branches torn from trees, we knew we were conquerers.

  We plunged our dull stones into the Earth until it yielded to us and presented
bountiful harvests. Our neighbors that knew of healing magic refused to share 
it. It was by the heft of a spear that we convinced them otherwise, and then 
eradicated all manner of illness that once afflicted us. We drew the borders of
our new land with the blood of the beasts that once fought as equals. We built
the first Europan city on the spoils of conquest, not peace.

  The divines were forced to recognize us as conquerers of man and Earth alike.
They foolishly taught us to turn rocks into metal, and metal into tools. Our 
envious neighbors made war with us, and so Europa grew with a series of
conquests that only ended when we ran out of desirable foreign lands to invade.

  When we refused to bow to the divines, or to give tributes for their
blessings, they laughed. When they raised the goblins from the Earth to fight us
in the North, did we did not make treaties. Our armies fought the goblins back
to their frigid homeland and did not leave until their homes burned to the
ground. Had they learned our truth, they would not have raised the Orcs to the
East, nor the Demons to the West. We were never mere conquerers of beasts, or
of men, or of goblins. As Europans, we are conquerers of all.

  Though our borders have receded since this war of three fronts has began, we
have continued conquering. We took from the Earth a humble yellow powder and
turned it into a source of power rivaling that of the divines. Though we have 
fought valiantly with rocks, and swords, and guns, we now wield a weapon so 
awesome that the divines no longer laugh. With their trembling hands they draft
up proposals of peace, knowing full-well they are fighting an adversary they
cannot win.

  The true Europans won't let a piece of paper stop them. As we have done many
times before, we will conquer that which opposes us. We have forced a sword of
infinitely hot fire. Let us now plunge it into the hearts of the Divines and 
teach them, once and for all, that we are conquerers!
- Anonymous
