  I used to spend my days tending to the family farmstead. The warmth of the sun
and the sweet smell of figs accompanied me each day as I surveyed the waves of
grain flowing across the land of my neighbors and their neighbors. Two years ago
we were forced to abandon our land when when two nearby Europan military bases
were overrun by orcs. That land remains in Orc control.

  From the safety of my government-issued cube I can still see the land I once 
owned. The orcs have scorched the vegetation and buildings alike, leaving
only fields of dust where farmland used to exist. Every day I board the lift that 
takes me down into the factories where so many farmers now manufacture weapons and
supplies for the war effort. Further down, still, aren the mines. Whilst active
excavation continues at the lowest levels, the abandoned tunnels nearer to the
factories have been furnished to house the continual supply of refugees.

  Every week is the same story. An army of Orcs attack engage the Europan defenses
and we are called into the lower levels of the cube. Clutching the 
crudely-machined shotgun the government provided me, I wait at my window and 
look out on the battlefront in horror. The only thing keeping the enemy forces
from firing upon the glass windows that line the cube's walls is the invisible
dome shield. I hold my breath when I hear the whistle of each incoming mortar.
Because the shield is invisible, there is no way to know if it survived the last
blast. After an hour or two, victory is announced along with our losses. A 
couple soldiers will escort one or two families of new refugees to the mines,
and then we return to work as if it never happened.

  The orcs are grown the same week they attack. Our people do not have that 
luxury. The cube's school is now housing for displaced families. Children of
increasingly younger ages now join me on the lift down to the factories and 
mines as adult factory workers take the place of trained soldiers. The orcs are
made from divine magic and clay. They can digest wood, raw grass, and moss if 
supplied with mana. Nutriloaf, a Carthagean food for prisoners and slaves, was 
given occasionally when shipments from farms were late. The last shipment of 
fresh produce and meat arrived last year, after which we have exclusively 
subsisted upon shrinking rations of nutriloaf.

  Disregard the propaganda boasting victories on all three fronts. We are losing
this war. Even if the entire population can be moved under shield domes and fed
nutriloaf, they can't compete with an enemy that refills its ranks every week on
the whims of the divines alone.

  We have been offered a peace treaty, should we end the war. We wouldn't even
have to surrender to sign. Our farmers could return to their fields, our
children could resume their education, and we could once again live in peace. 
We won't have to gamble the survival of Europa on an experimental weapon
device if we just end the war now.

- Anonymous Europan
