Some seek to own the world. Most others seek smaller things. Cities, villages, farms, or homes
await ownership. But what does it mean to own any of these things?
 
Contemporary scholars would define ownership by two principles:
1. One exercises autonomy over that which is owned.
2. One prevents others from doing the same.

A king claims, by royal decree, that he owns a forest. The authorities know to apprehend anyone
found trespassing. However, since the land is vast and uninhabited, the royal guard seldom if
ever steps foot in the forest. 

Peasants, ignoring the royal decree in favor of their own interests, move in. They cut
a clearing and build a small village there. Whilst they know they are hidden from the king
and his soldiers, they likewise know they could not hope to defend themselves if discovered.

Who owns this land? A Roman soldier would undoubtedly claim the authority of the king takes precedence. A Han farmer would hold fast to the principle that the 
land belongs to those which better it. I hope to impress upon you that both of these answers are prescriptive, an attempt to tell the world how it should behave. 
Regardless of the moral truth of this issue, the world will only abide by its own rules. A scholar of Carthage will describe the precariousness of this
situation in terms of its reasoned consequences.

Carthage is not without its moral sensibilities, but it proudly displays only two principles: stability and growth. 

The naive prescribe stability via a careful balance of altruism and self interest. What this perspective misses is the distinction between purposeful altruism and the
pursuit of a clear conscience. One can give a beggar a coin or meal and feel satisfied they've genuinely helped. They won't follow the pathetic creature to learn that
it receives most of its meals this way. Thus a beggar is a parasite that only consumes. Of the gifts you can give a beggar, a paying job is the most kind. For a beggar
that can clothe, house, and feed himself is hardly a beggar anymore. Cutting parasites off from ill-gotten gains is the very nature of stability, as there is nothing
more unsustainable than the free lunch. As for growth, consider the beggar given a loaf of bread beside the beggar given a job. In a year's time, one has paid off his
debts and built a financial cushion. The other hungers and begs. One can convert their own resources into capital as investment in a business or training for a trade.
The other can grow more pathetic in hopes of earning more pity.

There are two kinds of growth. Firstly, there is the acquisition of new resources. Secondly, there is the greater utilization of existing resources. Resources that
are completely unutilized might as well not exist. For this reason, the peasants that sneak into the king's unused forest are, in essence, discovering new land. They
clear a field, pull stumps, and grow crops. They plant, harvest, and increase next year's grain yields. They are like the beggar that has gained a job, increasing value
on a daily basis. The forest left dormant to the king, however, runs at a deficit, as the political influence to keep the forest empty is by no means free.

And so let us advance the time scale of our two sets of alternatives. A beggar with a job grows to be a most-humble merchant, and the forest turns to new fields and homes. 
The beggar gifted bread still takes what he can get, and the king's forest left unsettled merely brims with untapped potential the way it had a millenium before.
The king might then claim some right to the land, and by his law he is correct. However, carthagean scholars are concerned with the consequences of any given action.

Here we have a situation of imperfect ownership of a property. The king exercises autonomy over the land in that he intentionally does nothing with it. He fails to
prevent the peasants from moving onto it by ignorance. The peasants that live on the land exercise their own autonomy over the land by developing it. They cannot,
however, prevent the king from expelling them by anything aside from the accident of his ignorance. This leads us to the heart of the gnarled, knotted root of our
moral dilemma as Carthageans looking onto the world. Two absolutist positions arise.

The first school sees the violation of the king's legal property rights as a crime. Wealth born from crime is thus tainted wealth, and so this tainted wealth
taints the properties of ownership the peasants have over the village they created. The king is right to expell them in this case, and is entitled to some or
all of the wrongly accrued wealth. The damage the peasants have done is damage to the legal foundation of property rights that not only give us motive to
acquire wealth that we know will be protected, but offers economic stability by preventing sudden violations of autonomy in shifting property. 

The second school sees a fallow forest that profits no party converted to a village that generates trade for its neighbors. Even as this village dodges
taxes to the king, it builds the economy of its neighbors, which in turn provide more taxes than otherwise. After being discovered, the king gains most 
by taxing the village instead of destroying it. If the king wishes to vacate the forest, then he must do so on the terms of the forest's functional 
owners who have maintained and grown the value of the property. The king is forced to think long and hard about the land he arbitrarily claims for 
himself, either dedicating more troops to each vacant property, or merely allowing the land to become common when occupied. If the two were to
come to arms against one another over the property, they would have equal rights in the fight. The king has legitimate original ownership of the land,
whilst the peasants have built up ownership of the derived value of the land. The peasants steal the land when they stay, and the king steals the
value created when he kicks them out. When both parties are in the wrong, the consequences must be the root.

Let's give two adjacent kingdoms this exact same problem. King Abraham discovers his forest inhabited by peasants and grants them the land. King Bakus discovvers his forest in use and forces the peasants out, sending guards through the forest to ensure the land remains fallow. Abraham's forest village provides new farmland, lumber, and habitable land to the economy. As he collects taxes, Abraham collects more than before. King Bakus taxes the peasants that were forced out of the forest, but they struggle for their existence and provide little income. Eventually Bakus and Abraham quarrel over a personal disagreement and declare war. Abraham has more funding to procure a larger army, and to pay each soldier more compensation for his trouble. His people are well fed, and so the men going to fight are strong and of good morale. King Bakus has little funding for his army, and so to reach the same numbers as Abraham, he advertises rights to loot the enemy, then issues drafts to fill the rest of his ranks. The two armies brawl, and king Abraham's better provisioned troops move unburdened by hunger or sleeping tentless in the rain. King Bakus's men grow weaker and more tired than they already were before the war. Some grow sick and must be sent back. Despite setting out with an equal number, Abraham's army presents larger than Bakus's. When the battle starts, Abraham's men fire arrows liberally, killing and demoralizing Bakus's troops. Many of the treasure-seekers and slave soldiers of Bakus's army flee, and their main formation is routed. After beheading Bakus, Abraham surveys his new land. He divides up Bakus's fallow forest and opens it to the poor. Abraham's new territory improves economically, and his new subjects are better off after their defeat.

Yes, the story provided is very simplistic. If you've got bountiful resources, tapping into them gives you a distinct advantage. Distill this down and you find a moral impotus to thoroughly make use of the resources available. If you sit on a vault of gold as a rainy day fund, it will advantage no one but yourself. Even the benefit it has to you is shadowed by the opportunity cost of investing that gold and reaping the benefits. And it is from this reasoning that Carthage arrives at the following definition of ownership:

1. The state of one's exploitation of a monopoly over a particular thing.

Section 2: The smallest and biggest kingdom

Carthage's modern kingdom, founded on the notion that a king indeed owns his subjects, seeks responsible ownership. A responsible owner does not waste, neglect, or mistreat his posessions. As such, Carthage celebrates a constitutional monarchy. The king is alowwed to tax his people, but only up to a matching contribution of his own. This limitation tempers a king's judgement by his own limitations, creates a vested interest in the efficient use of the royal treasury, and keeps the kingdom small. 

Operation of the kingdom is not severely hindered by this lack of central wealth. In times of great need taxation is used to solve dire problems, but otherwise the king grows his own wealth in the form of private commerce. All Carthage people are granted certain rights, such as the right to bodily autonomy, for free. It is the enforcement of these laws that translates to a service. Any certified law enforcement firm can thus provide this service. If a consensus between law enforcement cannot be reached, the matter can be taken up to the royal court, where the king's patience will decide the outcome of such a dispute. The king, with little patience for shenanigans, often direly punishes frivilous law suits, and receives remarkably few.

The king, however, also flourishes without forced taxation. Identity is a private business that offers citizenship plans to the people of Carthage. It is backed by the King, but holds no monopoly over its services. Citizens pay a small fee to have personal identification used to expedite interactions with law enforcement and easily maintainn a mailing address accessible to others. Other services, such as health insurance, retirement plans, and social security, however, are premium. There is thus no expectation that a person of Carthage will receive any benefits or protections without contributions of their own. Due to Carthage's global commerce, citizenship has transcended borders. Anyone, even Romans, can opt into Carthage membership if they so choose.

And here we find the true strength of Carthage's kingdom. The sun does not set on Carthage, and yet Carthage has not felt the need to win any of its control by force. Carthage needs but offer the peoples of the world what their own kingdoms cannot. Rome, for instance, doles out grain for hundreds of thousands by robbing farmers. Many such farmers have applied for citizenship, made plans for emigration, and moved to build new farms out of tyranical reach. Many of the poor, believe it or not, emigrate to Carthage trade villages to pursuit work instead of Roman hand-outs. Anyone can be anything in Carthage, and that is especially appealing to peasants seeking to be anything else.
