[Introduction]

A bearded man in purple silken robe stood before a backdrop of a massive stone structure.
Fanfare played and the camera framed itself around the man, bringing into focus 
the many pieces of glimmering jewelry that stood out against his smooth, 
dark complexion.

"I'm Hasdrubal, and you're watching Arena, a show where our competitors fight to
the death for fame, glory, and one wish to our sponsors. The combatants they 
face are convicted criminals competing for a pardon to their sentence and a 
return to the free world. Let's meet our contestants!"

[beast]
The camera cut to Hasdrubal standing in front of a creature that for all 
intents and purposes seemed to be a wolf with the frame of a human. The beast
was adorned with the bearest of clothing: a headband and a loin cloth both made
from hide. The creature's posture bent forward ever-so-slightly, but was
distinctly sapient. He wasn't quite a wolf, but no one could mistake him for a
human. Clutched between two hand-like paws was an extent of wood affixed at one
end with a large flint arrowhead.

"Hailing from the untamed plains sandwiched between Azteca and the Longhouse Confederacy,
this contestant brings claws, jaws, and a spear to fight in the big leagues.
And wait untill you hear his reason for fighting. Tell them why you're here, big guy."

The ridge of the beast's nose wrinkled and his eyes narrowed. Bearing his fangs,
the he growled out his declaration without raising his voice.

"My name is Tarak, and I have come to defeat you devils and drive out your 
purple sails before you fell every tree, bare every mountaintop, and poison
every river like you've done to the South."

The announcer stroked his beard while he listened. His pearly white teeth 
flashed as a smile boiled over into a barely-stifled chuckle. Without regaining
his composure, the man peered to the beast, as if to make sure he was serious,
then back to the camera, as if sharing an inside joke with the unseen audience.

"You heard it straight from the horse's-or should I say wolf's-mouth, people.
This contestant fights to save his people from soap, Plum products, and 
refrigeration. We wish you luck."

[mage]
Just as before, the camera cut to another contestant. This one was distinctly
human and of fair complexion and prominant eyebrows. Near-black peach fuzz 
peppered the man's slightly-pointed jawline. His hair was tucked nearly under a
muted green turban. An open blue robe hung down over the man's torso and legs, 
blue stripes running vertically across his body and in rings around his arms. 
Solid blue trousers bollowed out below a large belt and tapered to his ankles to 
avoid obscuring the up-curved toes of his shoes. In one hand he held at arm's
length a gnarly bulb of crystals embedded in a sphere of glass that sat at the
end of a long staff.

"No stranger to the library of Ashurbanipal, our next contestant channels his
natural aptitude for the arcane arts through his magic staff. Don't forget to
check out his four episode vid-cast 'I learned to use magic, and so can you'
after the show. Tell our good viewers why you're here, Heydar."

The mage showed a toothy grin to the camera and spoke both confidently and
charismatically. This wasn't his first performance.

"I'm here to humbly demonstrate the merit of hand-sewn magic. Magical gadgets 
are fine for doing laundry, or showing vidcasts, but magic really comes to life
with the touch of a skilled artisan. If I win, I'll build the first arcane 
academy and share my gift with you."

[soldier]
The camera cut for a third time to the last contestant. The man wore a cuirass
of iron scales and a deep gold tunic beneath. Boots rose up his legs to
meet some baggy golden trousers, and a helmet of iron tiles framed his pale
face. The man held a crossbow to one shoulder, wore a small handcannon on one
hip, and a broad knife on the other.

"Here we have a former royal guard of the Han empire turned mercenary. This 
isn't his first rodeo, and he's come equipped with a powerful crossbow and 
handcannon to blow away the compeititon. Tell us why you're here, soldier."

The man stood statuesque the entire time, only turning his eyes to the camera.
"This is free advertising. I'll show the audience what happens when you hire
the right man for the job, and then I'll head home with the fifty bars
of gold as per the contract I signed. Don't gamble on other mercenaries. 
Hire Liu's Crew today."

The announcer belted out a jovial laugh with the soldier's comment.
"Ahahaha, courageous words from a committed combat connoisseur. Well, that's a
wrap for introductions. Let the games begin!"