Table of contents
	1 Intro
	2 Equipment
	3 Our tactics
	4 The Enemy

1 Intro
So you've been conscripted. What now?

As you may have been told, the production of weapons and supplies is in vein if we
have no soldiers to use them. The state of Europa has chosen you as one of those
proud protectors of our land.


2 Equipment

You have been issued a primary and secondary firearm in addition to a knife.
While all your equipment is essential to combat effectiveness, it is these
three that will provide you with firepower necessary to neutralize a
numerically superior enemy. Depending on your role and the availablity of
supplies, you have likely been issued one of the following primary firearms,

Sharpshooter Rifle (SR5)
A bolt ation rifle feeding from a five round internal box magazine, the SR5 can sling
lead in excess of 500 meters with a reasonable degree of accuracy depending on the indivudal rifle.
This weapon goes heavy on the size of the projectile and the powder behind it. As such, the 
SR5 is excellent against armored and non-humanoid targets.

A few well-placed sharpshooters can secure a large area, picking off strategic targets and
punching through cover.


AR31 - Assault Rifle
The AR31 is the cutting edge of infantry weapons technology. Gas powered autoloading
feeds from an external box magazine standard with 30 rounds. Effective out to 200 yards,
the AR31 leverages its rate of fire to reliably eliminate key targets and route charges.
The projectile is intended for unarmored humanoid targets.
This weapon is intended for the front line rifleman, and particularly for offense. 


AR24 - Light Machine Gun
The AR24 delivers heavy firepower to a single gunner, eliminating the need for a crew.
Firing a heavy projectile, the rifle is belt fed. A well positioned gunner can not only
route a charging enemy, but cause significant enemy casualties before they have entered
range. The main downside to the AR24 is mobility, as it is heavy, cumbersome, and it burns
through ammunition very quickly. Consequently, gunners are generally placed in trenches
or fortified positions where they can utilize a cache of supplies and not need to manuever.

AR35 - Submachine gun
Stemming from the need to arm vehicle operators, the AR31 was scaled into a more compact
carbine firing a pistol cartridge. The result is a weapon light enough to stash away for
soliders already carrying other primary equipment such as rocket launcher tubes or radio
equipment.

PD3 - Personal Defense Pistol
Fed by a single-stack box-magazine, the PD3 provides firepower at a concealable
scale. This weapon provides a ranged backup for infantry deployed to the 
frontlines. The projectiles are small enough as to be ineffective against armor
or larger targets, and so the weapon should be used with great caution against
non-humanoid targets.

TS 2 - Tactical Shotgun
A shotgun fed by pump action from a tube, the tactical shotgun delivers against 
for close range and fast-moving targets. Noteably, it is used to clear trenches.

Four Winds Shotgun
Auxilery and non-combat personnel will be provided a shotgun for use. While
the tactical shotgun is more effective, the Four Winds Shotgun is more 
affordable on a mass scale. A single shell is sandwitched between two 
interlocked sections of pipe. The rear section is closed off and has a firing
pin to allow the operator to slam together the two interlocked pipe sections 
and thereby fire the shotgun. Reloading is timely, and so some civilians have
been known to arm themselves to carry multiple.

Incindiary bomb
Every foot soldier is given one of these. If you know you are about to die in
the field, you are advised to destroy your equipment with this bomb to prevent
it from falling into enemy hands.

3 Our Tactics

Riflemen
Armed with our latest technology, these men are the boots on the ground that
form the backbone of our operation. While we have many support roles, this
is the primary force to respond to threats at any range. The same rifleman could
be found in a trench, field, building, forest, or even firing from a transport.
Their equipment is a double-edged sword, as capture by the enemy allows for
a spike in enemy firepower.

Pill boxes
Gunners often sit surrounded by sandbags and cement. In these fortified
positions they can deliver great punishment to the enemy, and at great ranges.
In ideal circumstances we can trade bullets for dead goblins, leaving only 
stragglers for our riflemen to clean up.

Trenches
Each soldier is issued a shovel, and is intended to put it to use digging
trenches and tunnel networks between them. Trenches expose only a portion of 
a soldier whilst allowing them to fire at enemies that are completely exposed
on the no man's land directly in front where barbed wire and caltrops slow
enemy advancement. Once compromised, a trench's tunnels must be collapsed to
prevent goblins from swarming every connected trench.

Artillery
When the enemy is sighted, artillery will pepper the area. This not only routes
many advances, but also slows those armies that are not shaken by the incoming
fire.

Sharpshooters
Armed with long range rifles, the sharpshooters take out strategic targets such
as orcs, demons, and mortar crews whilst our riflemen engage the enemy's center
of mass.

Air support
Larger targets and fortified positions are often assaulted after a bombing
of the area. These bombings are delivered via our smaller planes, but they
nonetheless prove essential in both locating and destroing enemy workshops,
camps, and factories. Occasionally planes will also parachute down supplies
and equipment for frontline troops to use.

Air insertion/extraction
Our larger planes and experimental gravjets are used to deliver troops faster
or further than foot travel will allow as well as to regularly supply isolated
outposts. Only the gravjets are used for extraction, as their vertical takeoff
and landing proves essential for the task in areas without runways. Thus far
the enemy lacks adequate anti-air capabilities, and so the air is the safest
way to travel.


4 The Enemy

Our superior firepower alone is insufficient when faced with the hordes the
divines send. We owe our success to knowing where and how to hit the enemy.

Orcs
Every army has its officers, and the monsters are no different. Whilst orcs are
relatively unintelligent, they serve to rally the goblins around them to combat.
Deprived of this constant prodding, goblins will break rank and retreat. Be very
careful to aim for the center of mass. Our best intel suggests orcs do not react
to pain once they are frenzied for battle, and can only be brought down
efficiently by damaging their central nervous system or brain.

Goblin foot soldiers
Led by orcs onto the field, foot soldiers are individually weak and 
unremarkable. In great numbers they swarm hallways, dogpile riflemen, and then
turn our own weapons against us. It is imperative a charging army of goblins
is routed before it can get within spear range. Failing this, trenches have been
emptied before.

Goblin Rangers
Following the orcs, rangers generally find cover before firing. Sometimes they
will deliver accurate fire, and others they will fire at once, bombarding a 
position with arrows and bullets. Most goblin rangers carry bows, but 
occasionally some will carry rifles stolen from our ranks or crudely crafted
from a workshop.

Goblin mortars
Afforded time by foot soldiers and rangers drawing fire, mortar crews will
set up and begin bombarding our fortified positions, aiming for our guns. Whilst
our sandbags and concrete can withstand seemingly infinite arrows and musket 
balls, the mortars will cut through and collapse our structures. After a gunner
has been brought down, goblins will often engage in a full charge in order to
overtake the position and commandeer the location's weapons. The only saving
grace with goblin mortars is their vast inaccuracy. If you spot a mortar crew,
it is advised you take them out and destroy their mortars if possible.

Demons
The divines maintain intelligence using demons as scouts. The beasts know just
enough arcane arts to cammoflauge themselves with their scenery as they move. 
The imperfections of their magic give them away up close, but from a distance
it is very difficult to know when you are looking directly at a chameleoned 
demon. Though they carry the best weapons available to the divines, they rarely
engage unless attacked. Demons have been known to sneak into buildings to
assassinate our officers. One cannot be too careful when they see a strange
distortion in the air.

Weekly build-up phase
It takes roughly eight days for a divine's next army of monsters to rise from
the clay pits. It's during this time that our offensive maneuvering and 
reinforcement of positions is crucial, as this is the lul before the storm. 
Every factory or workshop destroyed represents rifles and bows that won't be
used against Europan soldiers. The demons are most active in this phase, 
scoping out targets to attack.

Weekly assault phase
Once the divines have swelled their ranks to critical mass and run their 
officers and rangers through training, they launch attacks against our major
installations. It's then that our defenses are put to the test and that weak
fortifications are broken and overrun. We predictably win, but it's the cost
that the divines are counting on. They can afford an infinite war, and they
are hedging their bets that we cannot.

Weekly clean-up phase
After the last enemy army has been routed, we turn back on the offense and 
hunt down the stragglers. Aircraft scout out any revealed camps and bomb them
back to the stone age in preparation of air drops. This is when we set up 
defenses on a new clay pit or locate a mine we were previously unaware of. 
