[I]
Moros was a god of death, and for his chief aim of killing, the goblins had failed him.
Though they bred excessively and filled unsettled lands as if it were their calling, 
their numerical superiority was quite possibly their singular advantage as soldiers.
Short, scrawny, and as dull as they were cowardly, his first creation coudn't stand up
to an organized, competent enemy. Men wielding shields and spears could fend off an
army of goblins, and it was quickly found columns of goblins were easily routed by
casualties from ranged weapons. Worse yet, the goblins had trouble enforcing any form
of structure or order. They lacked judgement to interpret vague orders, and those
orders they did understand were subject be forgotten when self interest crept into
the picture. Baffled by the inadequacy of the race he raised with his own hands,
Moros set out to create a race of disciplined, strong soldiers that could 
adapt, improvise, and overcome whatever challenges they met even when doing so
meant great sacrifice in the name of victory. And so Moros created the demons.

83 was his designation, and in a way was his hereditary name. He was the eighty third
of his brood. Order of creation was the closest to ancestry one without parents could
have. 83 could not remember when his form rose to the surface of a pool of flesh soup,
nor for the ensuing year of his life when goblins took care of him. Only fleeting 
memories informed him of the existence of an early childhood spent in a mass nursury
among thousands of other demon kin struggling to mature enough to walk on two legs.

It was the brood's third birthday when the first culling took those not yet walking,
not yet talking. Moros didn't need the slow. From this age the demon children
began their training. They left the comfort of their brood nursury for the harsh
reality of small camps embedded in the wilderness. 

The goblins running 83's camp gathered the demonlings around a large bonfire.
"We've got rations for a year, but only enough grain to feed you little red ones
for a week. You'll learn to hunt and gather your own food." And so they did.

[II]
The adolescent was crouched in a knee-deep pool of frigid water that numbed his
otherwise aching feet. He held a gnarled stick that he had formed into a spear.
Just has he had been shown, 83 leveled the pointed stick and chucked it forward.
It soared through the air with a slight wobble. The arcing trajectory ended where
a good floated in a pond. The wooden point speared the creature through the wing
and prevented its frantic thrashing from lending it flight, even as the other geese
in the water took to the sky. The creature panicked and honked in pain and fear as
the small demon boy grew nearer. For a moment he hesitated as the wounded bird 
tried to paddle away from him. But 83 felt the pangs of hunger pain in his gut and
knew his options. He was ordered to survive, and he had been showed precisely how.
Closing the distance between himself and the goose, 83 clutched the small beast's
neck in his hands and gave a firm tug in opposing directions. There was a distinct
snap followed by a somber silence. When he returned to the camp with the carcass, 
he was shown how to pluck its feathers, scrape the skin from it, and tear apart
the various edible meat portions with a flint knife. The brood had not yet been 
taught how to make a fire. Cold and stringy as it was, the meat was combined 
with that of other small game. Every broodling that contributed to the heap
had his share. The others were left to reflect on their mistakes and misfortunes
and renew their efforts in the morning.

In the days that followed, the game thinned and left the demon children
adventurously consuming various wild plants and insects in hopes of sustinance.
One day 24 had grown weak from hunger and did not wake. The goblin left in their
charge ordered a deep ditch dug in a field. 24 was buried under a shallow layer
of dirt, and the goblin addressed the brood. He read from a scroll, as he had
practiced many times in anticipation of the first fallen.

"Here lies the nameless lost in vein pursuit of basic survival. The world
has showed him no less mercy than you. Under the same laws of nature that
arrived at this death the rest of you have survived. The strong of you
will continue to survive long past this stage. The strongest of you will
reach the apex of their training and earn a name."

Over the following weeks the goblins shared knowledge of producing flint
tools and making fire. Bows followed, and their tracking skills improved
as the game continued to thin. 34 joined the trench when he ate bad
berries. 104 died of a broken leg that had gotten infected. 51 had taken
a buck on head-first. He had fatally wounded the creature with a stone
knife to the throat, but with its dying energy the beast had returned
the favor and trampled the small demon to death.

Weeks turned to months, and misty breeze of summer turned to the 
leaf-turning winds of autumn. Under grey skies the demons clung
to the interiors of huts around small fires, their skins wrapped
in those of felled beasts. 78 and 3 joined the trench to hunger,
cold, and fever. Goblins taught the survivors to read demon script by
the fireside, and then burdened them with scrolls outlining survival skills.
The important lessons had already been learned by blood, sweat, trial, and error.
Where their experience ended, the scrolls continued in great detail. 

In the entire year following the trench remained undisturbed. The demons now
knew the rules to the deadly game they played. They worked tirelessly to hunt,
gather, harvest, and build. A neat row of log cabins met the next frost, and
the demon boys ate from small food stores underneath their homes.

When the snow melted a second time, the goblins had gone back to their home villages
and left each demon with their own contract for a given name and place in Moros's
divine demon army. The contract spelled out in clear demon script that the signee
need only sign the document in the blood of nature's most dangerous beast.
A map identified the camp's location along with that of a nearby human village.

83 lay prone at the height of a hill overlooking a clustering of thatched roof
cottages that sat between beside fields of immature wheat. Chimneys puffed black
clouds into the air and provide the only interruption in the vastly starry night.

"Remember, these are not deer. They can return spears and arrows if given the chance."

And so the group moved in the night, just barely entering the inner perimeter of the
village when dogs began barking outside the cabins. 

"The hell? Monsters! Everyone, wake up!" Came the shrill cry of a human that had peeked out of his door 
to investigate the racket. 83 stood and drew an arrow back in his bow. He released it and immediately
reached for a second. The human man, struck in the abdomen, cried out and collapsed onto the ground where 
he lay moaning. The fearful group that was pouring out from their homes turned to an angry mob.

"Kill the monsters!" Came a rallying cry, and soon four dozen humans charged into the night with knives,
torches, and bows ready for retalliation. 83 loosed two more arrows that connected with two more humans
before the mob realized the source and an arrow whirred directly over his head. "Let's go." He whispered
to the other three in the party.

As they turned about face and ran away from the pursuing blob of villagers, the dogs quickly caught up
and attacked. 83 felt a sharp pain blossom in his thigh as a canine's jaws clamped into his flesh and
began tugging every which direction. An arrow whizzed at the two and stuck into the animals side, immediately
forcing it to let loose and whimper. 83 limped behind his group. The humans were catching up. "Only a bit farther."
He told himself.

83 shrugged off an arrow grazing his forearm and drawing a crimson streak to match his surrounding skin. He hobbled
his way only a few more steps before throwing himslef to the ground and drawing his bow. The first layer of the
crowd rolled onto the ground and writhed in agony as they furrowed with arrows. The second row attempted to slow
to a halt, but fell forward at the last couple steps. Routed, the remainder of the crowd dispersed in separate
directions. One man stepped into a snare and was pulled to hand by one ankle from the highest branch of a tree.
Another sprained an ankle in a narrow pit dug for exactly that effect. Arrows came from the black night until 
the fleeing men no longer ran. From the darkness came the hidden marksmen that had leveled the mass.

After the prey were skinned and carved, the demons returned to their camp carrying a clay pot brimming with blood.
They signed their contracts and reflected on their experience. The most dangerous beast, man, was no more fierce than
they when caught sleeping. When they returned to the village in the light of day, they found that the survivors had
abandoned their homes, no doubt to seek refuge in larger human settlements.

The goblins returned after a few weeks, bringing with them a horde of crimson-fleshed demons from the other broods.
83 joined their ranks, and they kept moving to collect each brood's contracted soldiers. Carts of human spoils filled
with each emptied village they found, mostly food, drink, and textiles. Occasionally they found metal in the form of
ploughs, axes, and knives. The carts were soon enough pulled by acquried beasts of burden. 

[III]

Once the demon horde numbered in the thousands, it centered at the base of a mountain range and set up camp. 
With stolen tools they felled trees, chiseled stone slabs, and ploughed fields. The herds of demon children
brought out to the wilds were no more. In their place stood beings hardened far past their years by the second
culling of the weak and unfit. After the completion of a temple to Moros, he appeared before his ranks to address
them formally. He appeared in the form of a human no more than thirty, silky black hair framing a pale face.

"There are no soft, no weak among you. You left your innocense behind when you left the creche, and you have seen
the face of death. I am he. With your blood contracts, you have been initiated in my army. Your training starts tomorrow." 

In the days following, the demons gathered at the temple to train. Each day Moros appeared to teach them a lesson and
to organize exercises to sharpen new skills. A target range, sparring pit, and several obstacle courses were erected to
meet the growing curriculum. Even a small library of scrolls offered advanced lessons in both martial and arcane arts. 
It wasn't always enough to train with a weapon. One had to learn to make their own body as deadly as a knife or spear.


Goblin mages accompanied these exercises and intervened only to prevent maiming, crippling,
and death. The demons sparred with real weapons and drew real blood.  83 had personally experienced an arrow piercing each
limb, and even shattering a femur once. Though the magic easily restored a slit throat before one had the chance to bleed
out, it left the scarring intact. After the first month of training, 83 could had an easier time identifying where he 
hadn't yet been scarred than the reverse. Each time 83 felt his body entering the grips of death, only to return to a healthy
state, he grew more distant from the experience. His nerves grew hard, and he could very well wrestle another demon with a
hand severed or arrow lodged into a lung. He felt the pain, but was numb to its shock.

By the end of the first year of training, each demon had learned to deliver fatal damage to their targets while avoiding the same.
The demons were unflinching in the face of personal peril or loss, and could drive headlong toward that single-minded goal
of victory.

"It is time for the final stage of training. You all have received a generalist education, and your performance has been gathered.
Your division into a specialty will afford you further training in that area. When you have mastered this art, you will earn your
name. Good luck."

83 was informed his specialty was stealth, and so he spent the last six months of his training sneaking, climbing, crawling, 
and rolling around targets that were intently listening for his advance. Of the magic available, none was as useful to him as
that of chameleon. He could produce an aura about himself that hid him, save for a shimmering effect in the air. It could save
him if he hid in the dark or from a distance, but was useless from a few feet in good lighting. The trial of mastery for stealth
was to sneak to the temple, retrieve a golden ingot, and sneak it back out. The ingots were guarded carefully, and the entire
fort was informed before each trial began. He had managed to reach the gold ingot on his first attempt, but soon found it weighed
too much for him to swipe. Returning with a newfound feather spell, he was able to pull off the heist and earn his name."

"Your name is Murak, the silent hand of death."
And so, Murak came to be.
