"Cerro, it's time you learned who we are, where we are."
It was Cerro's tenth birthday, and it was already time for the talk.

"Look out the window. Past the farm. Past the walls. What do you see?"

"The battlefront?"

"Right. And what keeps the battlefront over there, and not over here?"

"The wall does."

Cerro's father looked down to him scoldingly. "Not in the least. Some rope and rocks are all it'd
take for goblins to get over. The orcs wouldn't even need that much. They'd just
keep pounding and pounding until the cement crumbled. Demons would just scale it. Try agian."

"The soldiers?"

The man unslung the rifle from his back and held it for Cerro to look over. It was a carbine, 
a pistol save for the stock and the barrel. Cerro's father inspected the weapon, running his
fingers across the muzzle and lever. He then thrust the long-arm into his son's arms.

"We are. You need to understand that you are a citizen. Every citizen is expected to pull his
or her weight, volunteer when there are opportunities, and to defend Europa from threats foreign
and domestic. Some day these walls may be crowded with citizens repelling monsters. You may be
among them."

Cerro inspected the weapon with wide eyes. When he turned his gaze up to his father, he saw
the man's eyes wet.

"Son, this is your rifle now. Keep it with you always. You never know when you will need it."

"But it's yours, dad."

Cerro attempted to hand the weapon back and a hand stopped him.

"It's yours now. There was a draft, and I've been issued a service rifle. We'll be deployed to the coast tomorrow."

The two stood in silence, listening to the wind passing through the swaying waves of
wheat. Chickens clucked, cows mooed, and a bee buzzed through one open window and out another
in its search for a flower. 



Four years passed. The bees still buzzed. The wall still stood.
In its shadow, rows of stones stood as well. They were a recent addition.
More soldiers were needed.



"What are you?"

"Scum, sir."

The drill officer's grimmace intensified. He growled.
"You are the lower than scum. You are the worthless refuse that scum exudes.
You are the caustic substance that grows on cement and slowly consumes it.
Drop and give me twenty."

At the fourth push-up, Cerro felt a boot between his shoulder blades. It pressed
down. 

"Keep it coming. Or do you want to go home to your cows and chickens?"

Cerro could only afford a fourth of a breath on his weak wheeze of a reply.

"No sir."


And so his training continued.

"The EU40 is the only thing separating us from the apes.
With one pull of the trigger and sweep of the muzzle, an untrained man can sweep a trench
free of orcs."

The drill officer pulled the charging handle back, let it slap back into place, and then
leveled the beige rifle pointed down range. With a chain of thunder that pounded Cerro's
cotton-plugged ears, the weapon boomed and expended seething brass casings into the air.
Down range a cement model of an orc at first became riddled with holes, but soon crumbled
under its own weight and collapsed into a pile of chunks as the officer emptied the weapon.

"With a skilled operator, the EU40 is a devastating weapon at 120 cubits, clear out of
spear-chucking range."

The magazine fell free from the steaming weapon, and was soon replaced by another. Aiming
with great concentration, the officer fired the rifle once, then again, and a third time.
Each shot was accompanied by a cement orc's head exploding on the opposite end of the range.

"Unworthy as you may be, you lucky ducks will each get the privilege of your very own rifle. 
You will respect it, protect it, and you will worship each and every pin of its countenance.
If you die, you will be replaced swiftly. If your weapon malfunctions in battle, no punitive
action will be taken on the part of your commanding office. The orcs, however, will rip your
arms off, gouge your eyes, and leave you a writhing in agony. If they steal your rifle,
they will cease to be dumb apes, and will subsequently wield this swift and terrible sword."

That day three hundred and ninety recruits became Europan ground soldiers while ten became marksmen.


Four months passed, and these men were only one of five groups of four hundred
introduced to the Western front.


Cerro woke to a whistle, not completely unlike that of a teapot. The sound stirred him only partially. 

"Incoming!"

There was a tremor as a building just outside the mesh window erupted into a cloud of smoke and debris.

"Get your asses up, they're at the walls!" Came a shout from the street.

The distant rattling of gunfire sounded over a new whistling. Cerro rolled out of bed, laced his boots,
and grabbed his rifle. By the time he he exited the hunk he'd been bunking in and watched a brilliant
display as a mortar exploded in the air and cascaded sparks and lead fragments down the curve of the 
invisible shield dome that had been swiftly deployed, A second and third impact to the shield sounded
as Cerro made his way to the wall, where a battle was in process.

Slinging his rifle, Cerro climbed hand-over-hand up the extruded rungs of the ladder leading to the top of the wall where
gunner teams fed belts of ammunition into hungry, roaring guns. The weapons swept blindly into the growing masses that formed
just before the wall. An arrow stopped dead in the air in front of one gunner, then fell into a pile at his feet. Others joined
it, despite the staggering amount of outgoing lead.

A hook slapped that same invisible wall and fell back to its sender below. Cerro neared the wall's edge
and peered down. The orcs below were piled three layers deep. A hook flung upward and bounced off the shield again.
Cerro pressed the muzzle of his rifle down past the invisible barrier and let his rifle rattle off half a mag.
The sea or orcs continued to churn, some turning to dust to make way for others to grab the hook and try again.
Cerro heard something under the chaos, a whistling. 

The shield had contained the majority of the blast, but Cerro had still been knocked flat onto his back. Struggling
to regain his breath, sitting up. The hook landed just in front of his feet, then reeled back by the rope tied to it
until the hook caught on the wall's lip. An arrow struck the gunner and he reeled back, sweeping the muzzle upward as
the tripod-bound werapon continued to spew at least ten more shots.

Getting his bearings, Cerro crawled to the edge of the wall and peered down. The sea of orcs was growing taller in this one
section, at least ten deep. Orcs clawwed their way to the rope, and higher up three were already scaling the wall. 
Cerro drew a knife from his hip and began sawwing the hook. The sawing motion cut through several strands, but was taking too
long. Standing, the Europan soldier pointed his rifle to the rope and fired. The fibers ruptured and splintered. He fired
again. The two segments of rope came detatched. Before he could give a sign of relief, a large hand grabbed at the wall's lip.

A tan, grainy torso raised itself up over the wall, the head atop it gazing furiously at the humans defenders around it.
Cerro emptied his rifle and watched the creature shatter into clay fragments before sunk out of sight. A second hook
landed on the wall, then a third, fourth, and three after that. When he peered around himself, Cerro saw the remaining
wall-defenders were making for the ladders down to the safe side. He joined them, backing toward the opposite edge while
he released on magazine and fed a second in from a pouch at his hip. Tugging the charging handle back, the human soon
began to place single shots into the figures as they appeared. Rap pap pap rap pap pap. Click.

Cerro grabbed the railing tightly and allowed himself to slide downward. When he came to a stop at the bottom, he 
blew on the fresh friction burns on his hands and proceeded to stuff his third, and last, magazine into his
rifle. 

"Clear the wall!"

Was the only warning that came before the segment at the top of the ladder exploded. Cerro narrowly escaped a pile of
debris that formed behind him as he sprinted away. He threw himself prone on the ground immediately after and pushed his
body down as far as it could go. The roaring chorus of angry chain weapons sounded, and the masses of orcs pouring into the
wall's new opening disintegrated into a brown cloud of clay dust carried on the wind. Crawling forward, Cerro managed his way
out of the direct line of fire and made for his hut, where he retrieved his ammo vest, helmet, and other gear he had neglected
in the earlier scramble. There was the whistling again.

Peering from his window, Cerro could see the tight formation of gunner crews feeding the whirring weapons they gathered around.
He saw it explode into a cloud of debris. The remaing guns continued to chew the oncoming orcs, but were failing to get them
all. There was a whistling again, far louder than before.

Dirt jetted upward as an artillery shell impacted the dead center of the mass of orcs, followed by a second, third, fourth, 
and fifth. The shells walked back out into the field just before the wall where the orcs were still pushing toward the wall's
opening. The shells came in roughly every five seconds, tearing down enough orcs to allow the stationary guns to plow down
the trickle of aggressors that survived. The artillery stopped and the guns slowwed their fire. Cerro stepped out of his
hut and found himself in a small fire team. The men pressed forward to secure the wall's opposite side.

Wading through clay powder, the men reached the other side and made short order of the remaining orcs with a few bursts of fire.
With the border secured, a small convoy of wheeled vehicles rolled up to the location with reinforcements to not only supply
additional firepower, but to also to relieve the surviors.
