Nutrilicious: Life beyond hunger!

Welcome, proud resident of the future! Join Nutricorp in celebrating the 
eradication of hunger with the introduction of our latest, most advanced line
of Nutri products. Feed your family better for less! This pamphelette contains
recipes that will get you started.

I: OUT OF THE BOX

While many of these recipes will incorporate other foods, Nutri products are
scientifically formulated to provide all the nutrients an adult or child needs.

NUTRILOAF
We can't bake the stuff fast enough! Best eaten still warm from the oven, 
slice thick pieces, toast in a pan with animal fat, and top with your choice
of toppings or spreads. The hearty, malted flavor of nutrloaf enhances the
flavors of any pairings.

NUTRIBAR
For those who don't have time for a sit-down meal, the nutribar offers an
entire meal in a convenient package. When you bring a bar with you, you have
a complete breakfast, lunch, or dinner with absolutely no cooking or cleaning
required! Nutribar takes on the approximate texture of meat, and when heated
can be used as a meat substitute in recipes.

NUTRIBLEND
Here at Nutricorp, we believe every child deserves a hot meal. Add a couple
scoops to boiling water and you'll have a filling pouridge more nutritious than
any grain on its own. No fire? No problem! Whisk nutriblend into cold water for
to make an energy shake, brimming with essential vitamins and minerals.

II: ONTO THE PLATE

You can add nutrition and value to any meal with the help of Nutricorp!

NUTONS
Cut nutriloaf into cubes, brush with oil or animal fat, and bake in an oven.
You're left with a crispy, crunchy add-in for your soups and salads. Shake 
nutons in a bag with salt and herbs to create a light snack to enjoy at movies
and events.

NUTRIBREAD
The next-best thing to nutriloaf is nutribread. Substitute a quart to half the 
flour of any bread recipe with nutrimix and you'll get a unique intermingling
of flavors. Any bread can be nutribread, and can will add a wholesome weight
to where other breads might be flimsy.

MARINATED NUTRIBITS
Cube a nutribar and soak in a marinade over night. Fry until crispy, or steam
until tender for a flavorable addition to stir fries, noodles, or curries.

NUTRISTEAK
Crumble a nutribar and mix a few spoonfulls of animal fat. Reform into a patty
and you have a juicy, rich meat substitute that goes well with potatoes, noodles
, or atop a bun for a sandwich.

NUTRIBOWL
Scoop the insides out of a small nutriloaf (make some nutons with it) and pour 
in soup. Day-old will work best, as the soup will revitalize the nutriloaf and 
contain the soup better than fresh.

NUTRITOAST
Dip stale slices of nutriloaf or nutribread into thoroughly beaten eggs. Fry
in a pan with oil or fat. Top with fruit, jam, or whipped cream for a sweet 
treat.