  Peace has many faces. For those leaving their flyers in town square, it means
an end to hard times. For those fallen soldiers, peace is something worth
dying to protect. Now that a proposal for a non-aggression pact sits at our
doorstep, however, we must consider what peace means to our enemy.

  I ask you, why are the divines just now attempting to broker an end to this
conflict? I can assure you it's not because they think they will win. Many rumors
have surfaced since the relocation programs started moving farmers to the cubes. 
Some claim the borders are being pushed back, or outposts are being overtaken. 
This could not be further from the truth.

  The first months of the war were the hardest. That was before the shielding
around our cubes, before the farmers began to nearly double our industrial
output. Since then, our bowmen have been promoted to musketeers, our musketeers
to riflemen. We had learned to push back attacks with increasing efficiency, 
whilst at the same time robbing them of any advantage we hold.

  The divines have attempted to establish factories and produce comperable
weapons. Each time they set up shop, they promptly discover the range of Europan
artillery not to be under-estimated. Each time a factory site is emptied, 
proud Europan soldiers fortify the position and deny the enemy a second chance
at exploiting the location's strategic resources. As such, the orcs and goblins
have all but given up on industry. Aside from a couple workshops scattered
accross the mountains, the monsters are limited to making spears and bows.

  The gods beseech their followers world round for weapons, and it is only with
this beggar's arsennal that their troops approach us. Most of the weapons 
recovered from the battlefield are old and heavily used, many unfit for service
due to rust, cracks, and warping. On multiple occasions soldiers have witnessed
weapon malfunctions delaying or even killing their orcish operators.

  The gods realize, now more than ever, that even divine intervention can only
keep them in this war for so long. They are running out of land, money, and
respect. Whilst muskets have not yet proved effective against them, it is no
secret that Europa is working on a weapon that will. They seek to end this war
before the final blow is struck.

- Europan command
